Membership gives the ICC jurisdiction over alleged crimes committed in Palestinian territories since last June .
Israel and the United States opposed the move, which could open the door to war crimes investigations against Israelis .Theia, a bully breed mix, was apparently hit by a car, whacked with a hammer and buried in a field .
"She's a true miracle dog and she deserves a good life," says Sara Mellado, who is looking for a home for Theia .Mohammad Javad Zarif has spent more time with John Kerry than any other foreign minister .
He once participated in a takeover of the Iranian Consulate in San Francisco .
The Iranian foreign minister tweets in English .17 Americans were exposed to the Ebola virus while in Sierra Leone in March .
Another person was diagnosed with the disease and taken to hospital in Maryland .
National Institutes of Health says the patient is in fair condition after weeks of treatment .Student is no longer on Duke University campus and will face disciplinary review .
School officials identified student during investigation and the person admitted to hanging the noose, Duke says .
The noose, made of rope, was discovered on campus about 2 a.m.College-bound basketball star asks girl with Down syndrome to high school prom .
Pictures of the two during the "prom-posal" have gone viral .Amnesty's annual death penalty report catalogs encouraging signs, but setbacks in numbers of those sentenced to death .
Organization claims that governments around the world are using the threat of terrorism to advance executions .
The number of executions worldwide has gone down by almost 22% compared with 2013, but death sentences up by 28% .Andrew Getty's death appears to be from natural causes, police say, citing coroner's early assessment .
In a petition for a restraining order, Getty had written he had a serious medical condition.
Police say this is not a criminal matter at this time .Once a super typhoon, Maysak is now a tropical storm with 70 mph winds .
It could still cause flooding, landslides and other problems in the Philippines .Bob Barker returned to host "The Price Is Right" on Wednesday .
Barker, 91, had retired as host in 2007 .London's Metropolitan Police say the man was arrested at Luton airport after landing on a flight from Istanbul .
He's been charged with terror offenses allegedly committed since the start of November ."Furious 7" pays tribute to star Paul Walker, who died during filming .
Vin Diesel: "This movie is more than a movie"
"Furious 7" opens Friday .Museum: Anne Frank died earlier than previously believed .
Researchers re-examined archives and testimonies of survivors .
Anne and older sister Margot Frank are believed to have died in February 1945 .LZ: Indiana law pushing back LGBT rights, and other states' anti-LGBT moves, bow to far right wing that GOP candidates need for 2016 .
Cruz, Huckabee, Jindal, Carson, Walker are reviving culture wars, he says.  Equality for LGBT has not yet "won" in America .Singing the national anthem is a risky proposition .
Whitney Houston nailed it; Roseanne Barr destroyed it .While Republican Gov. Asa Hutchinson was weighing an Arkansas religious freedom bill, Walmart voiced its opposition .
Walmart and other high-profile businesses are showing their support for gay and lesbian rights .
Their stance puts them in conflict with socially conservative Republicans, traditionally seen as allies .Amnesty International releases its annual review of the death penalty worldwide; much of it makes for grim reading .
Salil Shetty: Countries that use executions to deal with problems are on the wrong side of history .Marseille prosecutor says "so far no videos were used in the crash investigation" despite media reports .
Journalists at Bild and Paris Match are "very confident" the video clip is real, an editor says .
Andreas Lubitz had informed his Lufthansa training school of an episode of severe depression, airline says .The Rev. Robert Schuller, 88, had been diagnosed with esophageal cancer in 2013 .
His TV show, "Hour of Power," was enormously popular in the 1970s and 1980s .Former GOP representative compares President Obama to Andreas Lubitz .
Bachmann said with possible Iran deal, Obama will fly "entire nation into the rocks"
Reaction on social media? She was blasted by Facebook commenters .Father: "I know he went through what he went through"
Louis Jordan was found on his sailboat, which was listing and in bad shape, rescuer says .
He appears to be in good shape, physically and mentally .Richard Klass: Iran framework agreement on nukes is strong, but opponents will cast doubts on this and try to obscure its facts .
He says the deal would cut uranium stockpile, centrifuges, implement rigorous inspections; it should be judged on merits, not disinformation .Americans paid more for some fruits and vegetables last year because of the drought .
Tourists will now have to ask for a glass of water at a California restaurant .
Perhaps the only good thing is another "great" wine grape harvest last year .The FBI cites social media messages sent by Keonna Thomas, 30 .
She's accused of trying to travel overseas to join ISIS .
Thomas is one of three women facing federal terror charges this week .Iranian sports official: The ban will be lifted for some events in the coming year .
But he says "families are not interested in attending" some sports matches .Going online has become the path of least resistance if you want to make yourself heard .
But where there is the restrictive rule of law, journalists are vulnerable to the anger of officialdom .
From China to Malaysia, journalists and bloggers have been jailed -- even killed .The singer had been off the scene for a while .
She says she was bedridden for months .
Lavigne was sometimes too weak to shower .Here are six of CNN's best videos of the week .
Clips include a look at Mike Tyson's abandoned mansion .Netanyahu says third option is "standing firm" to get a better deal .
Political sparring continues in U.S. over the deal with Iran .Indiana town's Memories Pizza is shut down after online threat .
Its owners say they'd refuse to cater a same-sex couple's wedding .Authorities in the Indian city of Malegaon have asked residents to take a 'mugshot' of their cattle .
Cows are revered by the majority Hindu population, and many parts of the country have laws banning the slaughter of cattle .
Officials in Malegaon believe this is the best way to solve cow slaughter cases and enforce the law .A South Carolina man says he spent 66 days alone at sea before being rescued .
Other sole survivor stories include a Japanese man washed away by a tsunami .
An El Salvador man says he drifted from Mexico to Marshall Islands over a year .The Large Hadron Collider (LHC) begins again after a two-year shutdown .
The restart was delayed in March .FBI agents and a suspected serial robber exchange gunfire in an FBI stakeout .
Two FBI agents are injured and the suspect is shot during the gunfight .The total eclipse will only last 4 minutes and 43 seconds .
People west of the Mississippi River will have the best view .
Parts of South America, India, China and Russia also will see the eclipse .Terrorist group Al-Shabaab has attacked a Kenyan college, killing and taking hostages .
It is a clear indicator the security situation in East Africa is deteriorating, says Stefan Wolff .
More than military action aloe is needed to combat terrorism in the region, he says .Easter is a key event in the Christian faith, but where did the Easter Bunny come from?
Why is the date different every year, and what does it have to do with the moon?In response to lawsuit, NCAA says it doesn't control quality of education for student-athletes .
But its website emphasizes importance of education, "opportunities to learn"
Lawsuit claims students didn't get an education because of academic fraud at UNC .Judge won't allow teen leave hospital before her last chemotherapy treatment .
Attorneys for the teen are deciding whether to appeal .
Cassandra C. is now in remission and is no longer opposed to the chemotherapy treatments .The song rules the chart for 13th week .
It passes Robin Thicke's "Blurred Lines"
Song three weeks from potentially tying "One Sweet Day" for record .High temperatures are recorded on the northern tip of the Antarctica Peninsula .
The World Meteorological Organization will make the final determination .A Native American from a tribe not recognized by the feds wins the return of his eagle feathers .
An IRS accountant is fired for insisting on carrying a symbolic Sikh knife to work .
A group of Chicago pastors takes on City Hall over its permits for new churches and loses .Robert Lewis Burns Jr. was part of Lynyrd Skynyrd's original lineup .
His car hit a mailbox and a tree just before midnight .Kim Ki-Jong is charged with attempted murder and assaulting a foreign envoy .
He's accused of stabbing U.S. Ambassador Mark Lippert in the face and arm .
Police said Kim opposed the joint U.S.-South Korean military drills .Hong Kong banker alleged murder case adjourned until May .
The 29-year-old Rurik Jutting is accused of killing two Indonesian domestic workers .Thai Airways subsidiary Thai Smile features Cartoon Network paint job on A320 jet .
Overhead bins, head rests and air sick bags feature characters from Cartoon Network .Manning is serving a 35-year sentence for leaking thousands of classified documents .
She says she will be using a voice phone to dictate her tweets .Frida Ghitis: President Barack Obama is right to want a deal, but this one gives Iran too much .
She says the framework agreement starts lifting Iran sanctions much too soon .The final film featuring the late Paul Walker, "Furious 7" is opening around the globe this weekend .
It's worldwide debut may approach or cross $300 million by the end of Easter Sunday .Deion Sanders calls out son for "hood doughnuts" comments .
"You're a Huxtable with a million $ trust fund. Stop the hood stuff!"An outside review found that a Rolling Stone article about campus rape was "deeply flawed"
Danny Cevallos says that there are obstacles to a successful libel case, should one be filed .Shibuya ward in Tokyo passes an ordinance that gives same-sex couples some of the rights of married heterosexual couples .
Activists welcome the decision; hope that it will lead to greater equality for LGBT people in Japan .
Recent poll finds most young Japanese open to the idea of gay marriage .A test in Kansas finds listeria in a Blue Bell ice cream cup .
The company announces it is temporarily shutting a plant to check for the source .
Three people in Kansas have died from a listeria outbreak .Japan's top military official earnestly revealed that the country's Self Defense Force (SDF) had never encountered a UFO .
Celebrity politician and former wrestler Antonio Inoki had posed a question concerning extraterrestrials to a government committee .Bombing of targets in central Sanaa smashes residents' windows and doors .
Hundreds killed in less than two weeks; humanitarian situation desperate, agencies say .David Lynch says he won't be directing new episodes of Twin Peaks .
Showtime "saddened" over decision, which involved a dispute over money .Kentucky player mutters N-word under his breath about a Wisconsin player at postgame news conference .
Andrew Harrison, who is black, tweets that he apologized to Frank Kaminsky, who is white .
Kaminsky says he's talked it over with Harrison --  'I'm over it"A man killed in a raid in the Philippines in January was a "most wanted" terrorist, the FBI says .
Marwan was a Malaysian believed to have provided support to Islamist terror groups .
44 elite Philippine commandos were killed in the raid on his hideout last month .Delaware family becomes ill at the Sirenusa resort in the U.S. Virgin Islands .
Preliminary EPA results find methyl bromide was present in unit where family stayed .
U.S. Justice Department has initiated a criminal investigation into the matter .Chris Rock posts selfies after being pulled over three times in last seven weeks .
"Stopped by the cops again wish me luck," he posted this week .A blast rocks a chemical plant in China's southeastern Fujian province for the second time in two years .
Six were injured after the explosion and are being hospitalized .
The explosion was triggered by an oil leak, though local media has not reported any toxic chemical spills .Justice Department prosecuting FedEx over unauthorized shipment of drugs .
Danny Cevallos: FedEx has a strong argument that it shouldn't be held responsible .Mark Wahlberg is planning to appear in "Patriots' Day"
The film will be about events surrounding the 2013 Boston Marathon bombing .
Another film, "Boston Strong," is also in the works ."The Price Is Right" gives away a car ... accidentally .
A model makes a big mistake during a game .
Host Drew Carey thought the error was hilarious .Carlos Colina, 32, is arraigned on charges of assault and battery, improper disposal of a body .
Body parts were discovered Saturday in a duffel bag and a common area of an apartment building .
The victim in the case is identified as Jonathan Camilien, 26; authorities say he knew Colina .Fan favorite series "Arrested Development" to return for a fifth season, according to producer .
Brian Grazer claimed the show would be back in a podcast .
Netflix is not commenting ."Mad Men's" final seven episodes begin airing April 5 .
The show has never had high ratings but is considered one of the great TV series .
It's unknown what will happen to characters, but we can always guess ."Vampire Diaries" star Nina Dobrev announces she's leaving the show .
"Nothing will be the same again," fans say .Federal education minister Smriti Irani visited a FabIndia store in Goa, saw cameras .
Authorities discovered the cameras could capture photos from the store's changing room .
The four store workers arrested could spend 3 years each in prison if convicted .The group included four children, Turkish official says .
Turkish military didn't say what group's intent was .
UK Foreign Office says it is trying to get information from Turkish officials .Submarine is in Zvyozdochka shipyard, in northwestern Russia .
No "dangerous" substances on the submarine, shipyard spokesman told ITAR-Tass .Kayahan wrote some of Turkey's best-loved pop songs .
The singer was first diagnosed with cancer in 1990 .
He most recently performed in February in Istanbul .Prosecutors formally charged former top official Zhou Yongkang .
Zhou charged with accepting bribes, abuse of power and leaking state secrets .
Former domestic security official is the most senior Chinese official to face corruption charges .Some of Jesus' most important financial backers were women, historians say.
Joseph of Arimathea and Nicodemus, both men of stature and wealth, chipped in to help fund Jesus' ministry.Three people killed; five wounded in attack on attorney general's office in Balkh province .
Staff and civilians have been rescued as gunmen engaged Afghan security forces .Georgia Powers: Rand Paul, running for president, would like minorities to think he's an advocate. His record on rights shows otherwise .
On civil rights, women's choice, voting rights, immigrant DREAMers, education, he has shown he'd take country backwards, she says .Network regains control of Facebook page and one of its 11 channels .
ISIS logos displayed but no claim of responsibility made by any group .
Network reaches 260 million homes worldwide .Couple spends $1,200 to ship their cat, Felix, on a flight from the United Arab Emirates .
Felix went missing somewhere at John F. Kennedy International Airport, airline says .
Pets are "treated no differently than a free piece of checked luggage," Jennifer Stewart says .The trials of Dzhokhar Tsarnaev and Aaron Hernandez are coming to a close .
Voting has put Rahm Emanuel and Ferguson, Missouri, back in the headlines .
Rand Paul has announced his bid for the presidency .Fire breaks out at the General Electric Appliance Park in Louisville, Kentucky .
City official: No is believed to be injured or trapped .Ted Cruz has built a brand as a stalwart conservative on fiscal issues .
But he's also eager to champion social issues at a time when many Republicans are eager to avoid them .
Cruz says the GOP needs to unite young libertarian-minded voters and evangelicals .Kenyans use hashtag #147notjustanumber to honor victims of Kenya university attack .
The attack killed 142 students, three security officers and two university security personnel .The penalty is more than 10 times the previous record, according to a newspaper report .
Utility commission to force Pacific Gas & Electric Co. to make infrastructure improvements .
Company apologizes for explosion that killed 8, says it is using lessons learned to improve safety .Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is found guilty on all 30 charges he faced .
Seventeen counts were capital charges, meaning he is eligible for the death penalty .The fire on a platform in the Gulf of Mexico has been extinguished, Pemex says .
45 workers were injured in the blaze, according to the state oil company .
Four workers were killed in the oil rig fire, which started early Wednesday .Jay Parini: When religious identity, ethics, tolerance are roiling the culture, it's worth looking at message of Holy Week and Easter .
He says ritual enactment of these three days is reminder that again and again the human condition moves through darkness into light .Police in Lucknow, northern India, have bought four drones to help control crowds .
The unmanned aerial vehicles are being fitted with cameras and pepper spray to subdue angry protesters .
Some Indians have questioned why police are resorting to "authoritarian and forceful methods"Secret Service says supervisor's security clearance has been suspended .
He is accused of trying to kiss a colleague ."All the police investigators have left the (Germanwings) crash site," a police official says .
Private security company is ensuring no one goes on the site, official says .
Authorities say co-pilot Andreas Lubitz deliberately crashed the plane, killing all 150 on board .April 8 was huge for "Lost" and "Empire Records" fans .
April 14, April 25, October 21 are other big dates in movies .Twisted Sister's 2016 tour will be its last .
Band will celebrate 40 years in 2016 .
Twisted Sister drummer A.J. Pero died in March .The film will premiere on Memorial Day .
It opened last year's Cannes Film Festival .
A planned March theater release was scrubbed .At least one person died as a result of storms in Illinois, an official says .
Fire department: Rescuers searching for trapped victims in Kirkland, Illinois .More questions than answers emerge in controversial S.C. police shooting .
Officer Michael Slager, charged with murder, was fired from the North Charleston Police Department .The rapper assaulted the photographer at Los Angeles International Airport in 2013 .
West apologized as part of the settlement, the photographer's lawyer says .Manuscript of "American Pie" lyrics is sold to unnamed buyer for $1.2 million .
Douglas Brinkley: The song, a talisman for its age, brings joy to people 44 years later .Letourneau Fualaau had a sexual relationship with her student .
He was 13 when they began the relationship in 1996 .
In May, they will celebrate their 10th wedding anniversary .Don McLean's "American Pie" lyrics auctioned for $1.2 million .
The song is dense with symbolism; McLean says lyrics, notes will reveal meaning .
"Pie" is McLean's biggest hit, was No. 1 in 1972 .Mindy Kaling's brother Vijay Chokalingam pretended to be black to get into med school .
Jeff Yang: That's offensive and ironic, considering that minorities experience many disadvantages .The actor says he's not planning on seeing the buzzed-about documentary .
He called Scientology "brilliant"
Travolta credits the church with helping him deal with his son's death .Anthony Ray Hinton goes free Friday, decades after conviction for two murders .
Court ordered new trial in 2014, years after gun experts testified on his behalf .
Prosecution moved to dismiss charges this year .B.B King is now out of the hospital and back at home .
Bluesman suffered from dehydration and exhaustion after a 2014 show in Chicago .
B.B. is short for Blues Boy, part of the name he used as a Memphis disc jockey .Animal Planet captures Katie the giraffe's labor and delivery .
The new baby wiggles its ears, rises, tries to nurse from its mom .U.S. official said in February that Iraqi troops could go into Mosul in April or May .
Officials say now that there's no timetable, an invasion could come sooner or later .
They note that recapturing Mosul from ISIS could be a complicated endeavor .The smash hit series "Game of Thrones" returns for a fifth season Sunday .
Major story arcs should start to converge this year .Bi apologizes on social media: "My personal speech has led to grave social consequences"
Chinese TV star filmed cursing the late Chairman Mao Zedong .
Making disrespectful references to China's leaders in public is still taboo .Survivor Jeff Bauman stresses "we will never replace the lives that were lost"
A man who was at the finish line is glad Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is now a "convicted killer"
"Justice has been served today," says a once wounded police officer .Richard Dysart best known for Leland McKenzie in "L.A. Law"
Dysart had many TV and film roles, including spots in "Being There" and "The Thing"
Actor won Drama Desk award for performance in theatrical "That Championship Season"Ed Royce: Best predictor of Iran's future behavior is its past behavior .
New framework keeps Iran's nuclear door well and truly open, he says .U.S., Venezuelan relations threaten to overshadow Obama, Castro meeting .
Venezuelan President says United States moved to oust him; he has the support of the Cuban foreign minister .There are few similarities between Democrats Martin O'Malley and Jim Webb .
But they find themselves in a similar position as long-shot presidential hopefuls .Mullah Omar, the reclusive founder of the Afghan Taliban, is still in charge, a new biography claims .
An ex-Taliban insider says there have been rumors that the one-eyed militant is dead .The Internet is raging about a cat going #UporDown .
The debate is fueled by an optical illusion photo .
The story brings to mind the furor over #TheDress .Kansas spotters report at least four tornadoes .
Potosi, Missouri, sees wind damage to roofs and some flooding .
Thursday's forecast calls for more storms but to the east .There is something about Pope Francis that's reawakened her faith, say CNN's Carol Costello .
Meeting Cardinal Gerald Lacroix of Quebec showed how the Pope is putting people in place to carry out his new vision, Costello writes .Liana Barrientos, 39, re-arrested after court appearance for alleged fare beating .
She has married 10 times as part of an immigration scam, prosecutors say .
Barrientos pleaded not guilty Friday to misdemeanor charges .Authorities believe the two shootings are connected .
A suspect leads police on a wild chase, firing at multiple locations .
A Census Bureau guard is in critical condition, a fire official says .An Amnesty International report calls for attacks on women's rights activists in Afghanistan to be investigated .
The report examines the persecution of activists not only by the Taliban and tribal warlords, but also by government officials .
Some activists continue their work despite their lives being at risk .Some complained about the film's depiction of the Iraq War .
A petition asked the university not to show the Bradley Cooper film .Satyam Computers Services was at the center of a massive $1.6 billion fraud case in 2009 .
The software services exporter's chairman, Ramalinga Raju, admitted inflating profits .
Satyam had been India's fourth-largest software services provider .Prosecutor: Carlos Colina, 32, will be arraigned on the murder charge next week .
He's already been arraigned for alleged assault and battery, improper disposal of a body .
Body parts were found in a duffel bag and a common area of an apartment building .The "Star Wars" digital collection is set for release this week .
Special features include behind-the-scenes stories on the unique alien sounds from the movie .Iranian plane came within 50 yards of U.S. Navy Sea Hawk copter .
Navy copter was on patrol in international airspace .
U.S. official think Iranian plane may have been under orders of local commander .Johan Bavman photographed fathers in Sweden, which has generous parental leave .
Sweden's policies encourage fathers to take just as much leave as mothers .Hicks is charged in the deaths of three Muslim college students in Chapel Hill, North Carolina .
Victims' family members have called on authorities to investigate the slayings as a hate crime .HBO released a teaser video for the new season, starting June 21 .
The series stars Colin Farrell and Vince Vaughn .Lauren Hill's coach says she was "an unselfish angel"
After playing for her college, Lauren Hill helped raise money for cancer research .
NCAA president says she "achieved a lasting and meaningful legacy"Hawks say neither Thabo Sefolosha nor Pero Antic will play Wednesday against Brooklyn .
Chris Copeland left "bloody trail of handprints" as he returned to club seeking help, club says .
Suspect in custody, police say, adding they will release his name once charges are filed .He made the statement before in March .
O'Malley is low in the polls with Democrats, but he has been flirting with a presidential run .State troopers say they found methamphetamine and marijuana on a bus carrying Nelly and five others .
Nelly has been charged with felony possession of drugs .Police officers escort the funeral procession to the service .
Scott's family did not attend his visitation; they need privacy, mayor says .
Police meet with the man who was a passenger in his car when it was pulled over .Gender-based  violence is at epidemic levels in Guatemala .
According to the United Nations, two women are killed in Guatemala every day .
Five abuse survivors known as La Poderosas have been appearing in a play based on their real life stories .Julian Zelizer: Hillary Clinton has immense political and governmental experience .
He says she needs to make stronger connection to her party's base .
Clinton also needs to convince voters of her authenticity, Zelizer says .Ryan Gosling's directorial debut, "Lost River", is set in the city of Detroit .Bring your own large "cup" for a $1.49 7-Eleven Slurpee .
Any sanitary container less than 10 inches in diameter is fair game .Elizabeth Sedway posted to video to Facebook showing her removal from a plane .
She was forced off a flight in Hawaii and told she couldn't head home to California .
Alaska Airlines later apologized, saying it could have handled the situation differently .University of Virginia is under continuing investigation over how it handles sexual assault on campus .
Some fear retraction of Rolling Stone story about one case takes focus off the broader issue .
After the story came out, UVA instituted a zero-tolerance policy on sexual assault going forward .Sherrilyn Ifill: A city with a pattern of racial discrimination elected two new black candidates to its city council Tuesday .
She says Ferguson faces other changes, too, that  should spur rethinking in working class suburbs across America .The crash occurred at the Exotic Driving Experience at Walt Disney World Speedway .
Officials say the driver, 24-year-old Tavon Watson, lost control of a Lamborghini .
Passenger Gary Terry, 36, died at the scene .Oliver Minatel, a 22-year-old player from Brazil, was attacked from behind, he says .
Witnesses say suspect tried to choke him with the cord from his headphones .
Team says forward is OK, will play Saturday night; suspect was taken for evaluation .Durst, a convicted felon, charged with unlawful possession of a firearm .
He is accused of having a .38 caliber revolver and faces up to 10 years in prison .World War I graffiti is discovered in an underground quarry .
The writings are generally plain, with listings of names and places .
Photographer: Graffiti a human connection to the past .The nomination of Loretta Lynch as U.S. attorney general was announced in November .
She would be the country's first African-American woman attorney general .
But as her confirmation process drags on, her supporters wonder why .NASA scientists discuss steps to discover life elsewhere in the universe over the next two decades .
Meg Urry: Life elsewhere in the universe, and even elsewhere in our own Milky Way galaxy, is practically inevitable .
But the chances that we can communicate with that life are slim, she writes .Closing arguments in the case are set for Tuesday .
Aaron Hernandez is charged with first-degree murder in the killing of Odin Lloyd .
His defense lawyers made their case on Monday .Jordan Spieth holds lead in 2015 Masters .
Strong starts from McIlroy and Woods .
Both fall away as 21 year old Spieth takes control .Chemical damages ozone and is being phased out, though it's used in strawberry fields, EPA says .
A Delaware family becomes ill at a resort in the U.S. Virgin Islands .
Preliminary EPA results find methyl bromide was present in the unit where they stayed .A court allowed a wife to serve divorce papers via Facebook .
Danny Cevallos: Why not let people be found via social media?The United Nations Relief and Works Agency chief will visit Yarmouk camp Saturday .
Pierre Krähenbühl will assess the humanitarian situation there .
Yarmouk has been engulfed in fighting since December 2012 .Police in London are trying to catch the gang which staged a multi-million heist during the Easter vacation .
Former police commander: Such crimes require meticulous planning and use of information by criminals .
The masterminds behind such complicated crimes carefully assemble their gangs with men they can trust .Moviegoers are tearing up during the emotional ending of "Furious 7"
The movie's end is a tribute of sorts to actor Paul Walker, who died during filming .Selena Quintanilla-Perez will be re-created as hologram-like figure .
The Tejano singer is first to be part of a new technology, says sister .
Selena was killed 20 years ago but remains hugely popular .100 passengers and crew members have been sickened on Celebrity Infinity .
The ship, which is based on the West Coast, left San Diego in late March .
The CDC is scheduled to board the ship Monday ."Twin Peaks" creator David Lynch announced he was departing the Showtime revival of the cult series Sunday .
Cast members of the show posted a YouTube video Wednesday pleading for him to return .
Wednesday was the series' 25th anniversary .Former TSA agent Daniel Boykin, 33, videotaped his female co-worker in the restroom, authorities say .
Authorities say they found 90 videos and 1,500 photos of the victim on Boykin's phone and computer .
Boykin worked in an administrative capacity and didn't do public security screenings, TSA official says .Five young women have been detained by China since early March .
They campaigned against sexual harassment .
Their detention has attracted international criticism .Debris from boat to be dried, inspected and taken to landfill .
The debris contained fish normally found in Japanese waters .
The earthquake and tsunami hit Japan in March 2011 .Case begins when police find video of what appears to be a gang rape .
2 students from Troy University in Alabama are charged in the case .A couple named Burger and King?
Internet has a meltdown over "Vampire Diaries" departure .ISIS says it controls several buildings at the Baiji oil refinery .
Iraqi government security officials say Iraqi forces remain in full control .
The refinery, Iraq's largest, has long been a lucrative target for militants .Cuba pulled off a diplomatic coup by gaining attendance at Summit of the Americas .
First time since 1962, the U.S. has not blocked Cuba's attempt to join .
Cuba is trying to re-establish itself at the two-day summit in Panama .Ramp agent tells authorities he fell asleep in cargo hold, Alaska Airlines says .
The cargo hold is pressurized and temperature controlled .Nigeria's President-elect sends nation's prayers to families of girls .
World still expresses hope that the girls will return .
Boko Haram controls a portion of northeastern Nigeria .The Walter Scott shooting inspired a local artist to create artwork .
Phillip Hyman crafted the angel-winged artwork in the middle of the night .
Protesters from the Black Lives Matter movement have started using it as his symbol .Temperatures dipped into the mid-30s during 4 days man lay in woods of Philadelphia park .
Mom told police son was with her in Maryland, but he was found Friday with blanket, Bible .
Victim being treated for malnutrition, dehydration; mother faces host of charges after extradition .One man's entrepreneurial quest turned into unexpected success .
"100 Days of Rejection" took Jiang out of his comfort zone .
It's the fear of rejection, more than rejection itself, which holds us back .Bystanders stopped to rescue a lost brood of ducklings in D.C. Tuesday .
CNN's Brian Todd and Khalil Abdallah paused to capture the scene .Philadelphia police add attempted murder to list of charges mom will face .
Mom told police son was with her in Maryland, but he was found Friday alone in woods .
Victim being treated for malnutrition, dehydration; mother faces host of charges after extradition .The incident occurred on April 7 north of Poland in the Baltic Sea .
U.S. says plane was in international airspace .
Russia says it had transponder turned off and was flying toward Russia .Mother must complete "treatment" before she can be extradited, Maryland police say .
Mom told police son was with her in Maryland, but he was found Friday alone in woods .
Victim being treated for malnutrition, dehydration; mother faces host of charges after extradition .A new Kansas law bans what it describes as "dismemberment abortion"
Supporters say it's a groundbreaking step .
Opponents say it's dangerous and politically motivated .Dillard was the first of the Duggar daughters to be married .
Her 9-pound, 10-ounce son was overdue .Relatives of Wayne Community College shooting victim say he was gay, local media report .
The suspect had worked for the victim but was let go, college president says .
The suspect, Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, was found sleeping on a Florida beach and arrested .Richie Benaud first earned fame as a cricket player, later as broadcaster .
Prime Minister Tony Abbott calls him "a cricketing champion and Australian icon"Company known for use of publicity stunts .
Tweet contained pun on name of Liverpool's Kop stand .
It was used to link to Liverpool-Newcastle stats .
Social media backlash leads to apology .The migrants were picked up 30 miles off the coast of Libya, an Italian leader says .
At least 480 migrants have died while crossing the Mediterranean this year .In an interview with The New York Times, President Obama says he understands Israel feels particularly vulnerable .
Obama calls the nuclear deal with Iran a "once-in-a-lifetime opportunity"
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and many U.S. Republicans warn that Iran cannot be trusted .Cape Verde seeking to tap-into rich cultural heritage .
Tiny island nation wants to grow creative economy .New research indicates that a play published in 1728 was written by William Shakespeare .
Scholar Lewis Theobald had passed the work off as his own .
Texas researchers used software to analyze and compare the language of the men .The attack at a Garissa university last week killed 147 people, mostly students .
The government is tracking the finances of people suspected of ties to Al-Shabaab .Jodi Arias is sentenced to life in prison with no possibility for parole .
Arias expressed remorse for her actions .Maya Wang: 5 women held by China authorities after planning International Women's Day protests on sex harassment remain detained .
She says in a year when country poised to adopt  anti-domestic violence law, Beijing also sending chilling message on women's activism .Astrophysicist Amy Mainzer says she was was touched by Malala's story of determination .
Mainzer also works on educating children about science .Emy Afalava is a loyal American and decorated veteran; he's also an American Samoan .
Sam Erman and Nathan Perl-Rosenthal: It is outrageous that he and others like him are denied citizenship .April 8, 2014, the WHO finally started reporting the Ebola epidemic was a "concern"
Front line health care workers and Ebola survivors say the world has to act quicker .Attorney General Holder reiterates Justice Department policy on prostitutes .
Soliciting prostitutes is banned, even in places where it's legal, Holder says .
His memo comes weeks after a report involving DEA agents and prostitutes .Nashville's district attorney banned prosecutors from offering female sterilization in plea deals .
Danny Cevallos: Present-day sterilization plea deals are voluntary and unlike creepy antiquated practices .Haroon Moghul: Tsarnaev found guilty in terrorist bombing of Boston Marathon. How to prevent future such acts by young Muslims?
Pew reports by 2050, one in 4 will be Muslim. Many equate terror with Islam. Not true, but we should grasp what causes radicalization .
Moghul: Muslims see their community besieged around world, some think solution is violence. They must be shown other way to help .Errol Louis: By chance a bystander video caught South Carolina officer shooting apparently unarmed black man .
Federal law on reporting of such shootings goes unenforced -- how many instances do we never hear about? he asks .
Louis: It's long past time for officials to tell the truth -- even when there's no video .Dean Obeidallah: Apple's new emoji lineup is diverse in race, ethnicity and sexual orientation .
It's just like America, but what took Apple so long? Obeidallah asks .
He says change may rankle (or win over?) conservatives who discriminate against people because of their sexual orientation .Jennifer Lawless: There's a strong temptation to view Hillary Clinton's candidacy as all about cracking the glass ceiling for women .
She says the reality is that most people will vote not on gender but on the economy and partisanship .Sequel to popular "Bible" miniseries debuting on NBC .
"Mad Men" premieres the first of its final episodes .
Netflix premieres its first Marvel series, "Daredevil"Pentagon releases map showing coalition forces have taken back 25-30% of Iraq territory from ISIS .
Counterinsurgency specialist Afzal Ashraf on what new data tells us about fight .
Ashraf: Where it counts (ISIS is) not standing and fighting .Arsenal beat Burnley 1-0 in the EPL .
A goal from Aaron Ramsey secured all three points .
Win cuts Chelsea's EPL lead to four points .Mark O'Mara: Video captured Michael Slager shooting Walter Scott; if cop had been wearing a body camera, he probably wouldn't have fired .
O'Mara says such cameras are expensive, but cheaper than wrongful death payouts -- and the cost of a human life.
The underlying problem is racial bias in policing; until that's solved, body cameras are a good interim solution .Edward McCaffery: There's a fundamental unfairness to U.S. tax laws .
But Americans don't care because most of us get a refund on Tax Day, and that makes us happy .ISIS raided Yarmouk refugee camp near Damascus on April 1 .
18,000 Palestinian refugees remain in the camp, cut off from vital aid .
One defiant elderly resident told CNN: "I will not leave the Yarmouk camp even if I am 75 or 76 years old"MTV Movie Awards host Amy Schumer had some hits and misses during the show .
Rebel Wilson tossed in a censor-worthy joke .Marvel Studios releases first looks at Paul Bettany as the Vision in "Avengers: Age of Ultron" and Charlie Cox in full "Daredevil" costume .
Jamie Bell's character of The Thing was also unveiled for 20th Century Fox's Marvel-based reboot of "Fantastic Four"
Bryan Singer unveiled the first look at "X-Men: Apocalypse" Angel played by Ben Hardy .Ursula Ward talks about the shock and pain of her son's murder .
Odin Lloyd's sister said her brother's death has felt like 'a bad dream'